# faq
A repository of common questions and answers to reduce repetition on the r/cybersecurity community. These will mostly be focused on repetitive career or beginner questions, per the community's wants.

## Contribution Guide

1. File an [issue](https://github.com/r-cybersecurity/faq/issues). The title should be a question you think should be answered in the r/cybersecurity FAQ.
2. **(Optional)** Wait for a moderator to confirm that nobody else is writing or has already written an answer to that question. Precedence will be given to people who are confirmed owners of a given question, in case someone later answers a duplicate - they will be redirected to be an editor for your question, and would receive credit as an editor but not an author.
3. Answer the question by commenting on the issue.
4. A moderator will review, and provide feedback. Edits may be requested.
5. Once the answer is good - not prefect, but good enough - a moderator will confirm that you are licensing your response under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.
6. Confirm or deny that you are licensing your work.
7. If accepted, a moderator will create the relevant changes in this git repository, and make a PR which closes your issue, signifying that the change was merged into this CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 repository, and may be put into an FAQ. If denied, the request is closed, and your work will neither be added nor considered licensed.

## License

All contributed works are licensed [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), which is a Creative Commons license stipulating (among many things):

* People may adapt and remix this work.
* People must provide appropriate attribution to the creators of this work.
* People may not use this work for commercial purposes.
* People must share any derived works under the same license.

We feel this preserves the freedom of great resources generated by this community and minimizes certain misuse cases. The above is an incomplete set of human-readable talking points, and not a substitute for the license, which is available on the web [here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode) or in this repository as [LICENSE](https://github.com/r-cybersecurity/faq/blob/main/LICENSE).

## Edge Cases

We currently don't have a well-defined mechanism for community-provided edits. We are focusing on the most good in the shortest amount of time first, though if edits are *necessary*, an editor may edit an existing file on a fork, add a signature indicating their are an editor if the edits are significant (**do not** remove or alter the author's signature), and then submit the changes for consideration.

Moderators will handle spelling or grammatical errors caught after the pull request completed without adding their own credit.

Additionally, failure to successfully produce an accepted article within a week - for any reason - will result in you forfeiting your ability to answer the question exclusively. Others may answer the question themselves. We'll be flexible if you need a couple more days but please remember we're trying to move fast here, and that answers should be pretty to-the-point. Thank you for understanding.
